around your ballin maaga against Dennis
Edison a German against the American
Diggins van 60 drop para against mankind
Iseman back in a non-corporate dig so
bombing in nose manual that top little
box ah yes those money well over that
down box down that's I think what bags
would have made up barspin all of that
he bar spin doctor top of that round and
pummeled his head into the crossbar
mouth into the crossbow not good took a
shot to the mouth as they call it in the
trade of course not this trade
you just see it enough dowry show on the
slow mo he bar spin off the top of the
core didn't get his hand back on slit
and his face hit they hit the crossbar
data bars Medina insider in SCA's Easter
common my peaceful eyes not been off my
low blood that's not what I instead to
call me to become all laughing the
Warriors and a mouse and run by one time
I often nothing not focus ecocide sins
okay i signed up I know I'm digna
flowers from beyond Margravine it's all
right try innocent innocent who turned
up your sense at all but eight memorized
already feet I don't but I want to kill
myself and just going to take it easy
comes in lays down a huge flippantly
first trick in the first round good I
think boss make the foot a little second
one but talipes off the top of the wedge
box going for it ride around of hell and
when he's Krusty the Clown we go massive
transfer another big flip work for
medicine just all right out of it and I
think you are me too much they're just
bone in the bike out on the SD nothing
to top no-hander all limbs off the bike
then froze up like it is like programs
off the companies in a grin Oh bonala
air
most to pick lines on that top round box
by must be a tech throne and now it's
Edison's big stuff Howard knows pick
support seeing that on the slow mow over
ice pick one down that route just flips
are still good solid run from in Estonia
again only 18 years old with very
professional then it's a good four
points or so pumped to enter here that's
a tight knot bomb it goes beyond follow
maaga second Ronnie's got improved and
he had a bit of nowhere the fresh want
our dropping stranded a flat bank basket
over that centerpiece up onto the wedge
I speak with my new game mix not using
both parts of the course by the bus
transfer just the South be doing
big o double whip flick that goes down
hard on his wrist double flip flip sorry
there we go to see it mark one towel at
two towers just catches but hangs back
wheel was then fucks him off it goes
down hard on his right hand as a contest
with a rare double tower battery it's
not seen the Goodman an absolute novelty
Bernie exactly Duncan
it's a shame I'll come together because
it is a real fight on this group even a
mission by what he said like no one
would flip you crazy Dennis otherwise
off not in spite of me notes inside
whenever you're ready Dennis Berlin
can't wait to see you right dennis
anderson also the ass the son of quite
possibly on the course pms down to the
way out there you see up there upper
tooth pick two bars you talk about super
glide myth iums orgonite me back for
taylor tell us over the Royal on the way
back down but it's rare nice mix of
street style of this and a knee from
Dennis Anderson knows my name under the
centerpiece just tweaking on the campus
download speaking over 25 little more
than 30 seconds left in us
company avocado what's this trick put
channel star with a big pool boy
downside to downsize ice just no money
to buy them and I've sent the box that's
a variation in Dennis's run like I've
said a few times already this weekend
you want to see more than people just go
backwards and forwards or jump box full
of junk box Corp I'll get moving on the
course if you're looking to do this type
of thing you need to mix it up if you
want to play tennis rock star and out
till the end of his run on his signature
haro SD bruh Sedonas around 89 point I
didn't advance on his first round
Scotty's fast run score it was doing a
fuck about it took it on the dog